Implementation theoretically informed Langevin Dynamics (TILD) KSPACE package into LAMMPS (#2947)
lammps/lammps: doc/src/kspace_tild.rst

   U_{erfc} = & - \frac{A}{\rho_0}  \rho_{NP} \text{erfc} \left(\frac{\vert r \vert - R_p}{\xi}\right) \\ 

where :math:`A` is the value set by `tild prefactor`\, :math:`\rho_0` is the total density of the TILD particles, :math:`\rho_{NP}` is the density of the TILD erfc nanoparticle, :math:`\sigma`\ is the gaussian width, :math:`R_p` is the erfc particle radius and :math:`\xi` is the erfc width.

The first required keyword for the *tild shape* option is the model. 
Currently supported options for shape function models
and their required arguments are:

1. *gaussian* : :math:`\sigma` (distance units)
2. *erfc* : :math:`R_p`, :math:`\xi` and :math:`\rho_{NP}` (:math:`R_p` and :math:`\xi` in distance units; :math:`\rho_{NP}` in inverse volume units)

----------

The *tild prefactor* keyword sets the prefactor in front of a given shape. For
typical polymer represented by Gaussian monomers, the prefactors represents the
Flory-Higgins prefactor :math:`\chi`. See the :math:`A` prefactors in the
*tild shape* potentials.

----------

The *tild set_rho0* keyword is used to set the TILD density which is calculated
separately from any other density in LAMMPS. Each defined `gaussian` shape

> particle has a mass of 1, each defined `erfc` shape has a density of 

Reviewer: I think mass can be anything.  rho0 is really of a number density.
```suggestion
The *tild set_rho0* keyword is used to set the TILD number density which is calculated
 separately from any other density in LAMMPS. Each defined `gaussian` shape
 particle contributes 1, while each defined `erfc` shape has a density of 
```

   U_{g-erfc} = & \frac{A}{\rho_0} u_G (r) * \text{erfc}
   \left(\frac{\vert r \vert - R_p}{\xi}\right)

where :math:`A` is the value set by `tild prefactor`\ , :math:`\rho_0` is the TILD density of the simulation box, :math:`\sigma` is the gaussian width, :math:`R_p` is the erfc particle radius and :math:`\xi` is the erfc width, which controls how quickly the particle density drops from :math:`\rho_0`` to zero. :math:`U_{g-erfc}` involves convoluting the :math:`U_{g}` and :math:`U_{erfc}` functions.

The first required keyword for the *tild cross-interaction* option is the interaction model. 
Currently supported options for interaction models
and their required arguments are:

1. *gaussian* : :math:`\sigma` (distance units)
2. *gaussian_erfc* : :math:`\sigma`\ , :math:`R_p`, :math:`\xi` (all in distance units)

> 3. *erfc* : :math:`R_p`\ , :math:`\xi` (both in distance units)

Reviewer: As you say in the note, we ask them for sigma squared, not sigma.  That should probably be reflected in this part too, for example

```suggestion
1. *gaussian* : :math:`\sigma^2` (distance:math:`^2` units)
 2. *gaussian_erfc* : :math:`\sigma^2`\ , :math:`R_p`, :math:`\xi` (distance units except for :math:`\sigma^2` )
 3. *erfc* : :math:`R_p`\ , :math:`\xi` (both in distance units)
```

Author: In the code, it takes in the sigma and squares the value. See line 1560. I'm open to a discussion about whether that should change.

Reviewer: I thought line 1560 is called with `tild shape`. For `tild cross-interaction` `calc_cross_work` assumes it is squared, right?
